EW-794 add ErWIn architecture vision documentation (#435)
dBildungsplattform/dbildungs-iam-server: docs/erwin-goals.md

> II a dBildung-IAM as a production ready, stand-alone system

Reviewer: This numbering might be confusing, if someone reads this without access to the Confluence article. Maybe, make a headline out of it?

> Erwin Team Goals: <br />dBildung-IAM can be used as IDP for Service Providers like LMS and school portals i.e. dBildungscloud and "Schulportal SH":<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main goal of Team Erwin, that <br />dBildung-IAM can be used as IDP for Service Providers like LMS and school portals i.e. dBildungscloud and "Schulportal SH":<br />, will be realized by the following sub-goals:
```

1. separating IDM from dBildungscloud supporting the strategic goal to realize a stand-alone system which is production ready.
2. extend the IDM user's data model with structural information supporting the strategic goal to base the IDM on a German educational data model.
3. dBildung-IAM can import/sync from other IDPs.
4. dBildung-IAM can be used as the leading system.

> 5. Configuration concerning IDPs, sync, etc. that is currently done via SHD or directly in DB is done via a micro service hosted together with dBildung-IAM  (instead of in dBildungscloud).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Configuration concerning IDPs, sync, etc. that is currently done via Super Hero Dashboard (SHD) or directly in the database is done via a micro service hosted together with dBildung-IAM  (instead of in dBildungscloud).
```

6. dBildung-IAM provides an API only:
    - A GUI can be developed by the portal using dBildung-IAM.

>     - In the future a GUI might be provided by dBildung-IAM to be integrated it into a portal as a micro frontend.

Reviewer: 1. I would move this sentence to the optional goals below. 
2. "it" can be removed
